Now we're going to look at tree traversal.
So traversing a tree means we're walking through it in
some way so that we're visiting all the nodes once.
So traversing is used for searching for a value,
inserting a value, or deleting a value from the tree.
There are two types: Depth-first search, and Breadth-first search.
For Depth-first search, there's three sub types;
pre-order, in-order, and post-order.
We're going to look at pre-order traversal in detail.
In pre-order traversal, we start at the root,
we visit it, then we check if there is a left child.
If so, we go down to the left child.
So now we're in B, we visit it and then we check if there's a left child.
If so, we'll visit it.
So now we're going to visit D. So now we're in
D. We visited D and now we're going to check if there's a left child.
No. So then we'll check if there's a right child.
No. So then we'll go back up,
check if there's a right child.
In this case, no. Go back to A,
Yes. So now let's go here and now we visit C. Again,
check if there's a left child.
No. So then we go to right child.
No. Then we visited all the nodes.